Here you can find activities to practise your reading skills. Reading will help you to improve your understanding of the language and build your vocabulary.The self-study lessons in this section are written and organised according to the levels of the Common European Framework of Reference for languages (CEFR). There are different types of texts and interactive exercises that practise the reading skills you need to do well in your studies, to get ahead at work and to communicate in English in your free time.Take our free online English test to find out which level to choose. Select your level, from beginner (CEFR level A1) to advanced (CEFR level C1), and improve your reading skills at your own speed, whenever it's convenient for you.
Choose your level to practise your reading
Elementary (A1)
Reading practice to help you understand simple information, words and sentences about known topics. Texts include posters, messages, forms and timetables.
Pre-intermediate (A2)
Reading practice to help you understand simple texts and find specific information in everyday material. Texts include emails, invitations, personal messages, tips, notices and signs.
Intermediate (B1)
Reading practice to help you understand texts with everyday or job-related language. Texts include articles, travel guides, emails, adverts and reviews.
Upper intermediate (B2)
Reading practice to help you understand texts with a wide vocabulary where you may need to consider the writer's opinion. Texts include articles, reports, messages, short stories and reviews.
Advanced (C1)
Reading practice to help you understand long, complex texts about a wide variety of topics, some of which may be unfamiliar. Texts include specialised articles, biographies and summaries.
Learn to read English with confidence
Our online self-study, live classes and one-to-one courses with personal tutors are designed by some of the world's English teaching experts. They offer a safe and inclusive learning environment to help you improve your English and achieve your ambitions.
Learn to understand real-world English with our online courses. Join thousands of learners from around the world who have improved their English skills with our online courses.
